docs: Add limitations to __validate__ function (#945)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Accounts/validate_and_execute.adoc

Currently, Starknet enforces that `+__validate__+` does not call external contracts.

NOTE: The property that we achieve with the above restrictions is that a single storage update may only invalidate transactions from a single account (this is the best we can do, an account can always invalidate its own past transactions by changing its keys). Thus, the price (in fees) required to invalidate transactions in the mempool is linear in the number of unique accounts that we want to invalidate.

[id="the_execute_function"]
== The `+__execute__+` function

The purpose of the `+__execute__+` function is to abstract away the remaining actions performed by a transaction.

In Ethereum, a transaction is necessarily a call to a specific function in a smart contract. With the `+__execute__+` abstraction, the account designer controls the flow of the transaction. For example, multicalls can be natively supported in your account, saving the need to send multiple transactions (in practice, this is even harder to manage without multicalls due to nonces).

[id="reverted_transactions"]
== Reverted transactions

> A transaction is considered reverted when the `+__execute__+` function failed. A reverted transaction is included in a block and the sequencer is eligible to charge a fee for the work done up to the point of failure, similar to Ethereum.

Author: ```suggestion
A transaction has the status *REVERTED* when the `+__execute__+` function fails. A reverted transaction is included in a block, and the sequencer is eligible to charge a fee for the work done up to the point of failure, similar to Ethereum.
```

A Starknet account is a contract that must include the following two functions:

[horizontal,labelwidth=15]
`+__validate__+`:: Initiates the validation stage in the sequencer.
`+__execute__+`:: Initiates the execution stage in the sequencer.

When the sequencer receives a transaction request, it calls the `+__validate__+` function with the fields of the transaction request. After the validation stage completes successfully, the sequencer calls the `+__execute__+` function with the fields of the transaction request.

* For more information on the available transaction types and their fields, see xref:architecture_and_concepts:Network_Architecture/transactions.adoc[Transaction types].
* For more information on the validation and execution stages, see xref:architecture_and_concepts:Network_Architecture/transaction-life-cycle.adoc[Transaction lifecycle].

Separating the validation and execution stages, which correspond to the `+__validate__+` and `+__execute__+` functions, guarantees payment to sequencers for work completed and protects them from Denial of Service (DoS) attacks.

[id="the_validate_function"]
=== The `+__validate__+` function

> The `+__validate__+` function ensures that any transaction submitted was indeed initiated by the account owner and therefore does not take up unjustified resources during the execution process.

Reviewer: `validate` can have arbitrary logic, usually it checks the signature, but it's not mandatory at the protocol level.

Author: @odednaor What _is_ mandatory at the protocol level?

> The `+__validate__+` function ensures that any transaction submitted was indeed initiated by the account owner and therefore does not take up unjustified resources during the execution process.

Author: ```suggestion
The `+__validate__+` function typically ensures that any transaction submitted was indeed initiated by the account owner and therefore does not take up unjustified resources during the execution process.
```

Author: @odednaor How's this?

```
The `+__validate__+` function typically ensures that any transaction submitted was indeed initiated by the account owner and therefore does not take up unjustified resources during the execution process.
```
